c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\ChooseRestaurant.dll.config
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\ChooseRestaurant.dll
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\ChooseRestaurant.pdb
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\fr\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\fr\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\fr\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\fr\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\fr\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\bin\fr\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\obj\Debug\ChooseRestaurant.dll
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\obj\Debug\ChooseRestaurant.pdb
c:\users\dorian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChooseRestaurant\ChooseRestaurant\obj\Debug\ChooseRestaurant.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
